OK so now that we understand what it is that we need to do let's actually start building this payment
route on our Express server.
So in Express it's actually very easy in order to build the actual route.
The way that we do it is we use the app object that we have from express and what we say is we declare
the type of route that we want it to be.
So for us we know what we want to make is a post route because what we want the app to do is receive
a actual request from our client side code to some route that we're going to call slash payment.
So slash payment is the name of the route that we want to hit and then what we're going to do is we
are going to pass this post method a function and this function is going to get both a request object
and a response object.
And what we're going to do with the actual request object is the request object will provide us the
actual token that we need in order to make the charge.
Now as you remember this token is something we get back from our stripe button on our front end using
the stripe checkout whenever the user completes that checkout process using that modal they're going
to get back a token that has an I.D. on it that represents all of the information that they just filled
out as well as the actual credit card information and the cost and everything on it that we need in
order to properly make a charge to stripe that token is the identifier that allows stripe to know who
is making that request and where it's coming from.
So what we're going to need to do is we're going to have to actually create the appropriate body object
that we pass the stripe using values that we get from the token and that token of course as we know
is going to come in through the requests that we make from our front end but we'll talk about that a
little bit more later.
Let's just first set up our back.
So what we need to do for this body object is we need to pass it a source parameter.
This of course is all the things that we need from stripe.
So if you're curious about what are the things we can pass to stripe I will link the documentation about
the actual stripe library that we're using but it's actually pretty simple in order to make this charge.
The source is going to be the request dot body because the request object has a body parameter.
And on that body is where it will hold all of the information that we're passing inside of our request
to our back end.
So request body dot token dot I.D..
So on that token object will be an I.D. value that we need to pass.
After that we also need the amount.
So the amount value is going to be the total charge cost that we're trying to make and that we're also
going to pass to the body.
And we're just going to call it amount when we actually generate the request on our front end.
Finally we need the currency and let's just default this to USD.
You can use other currency strings that you can find on the straight back end API that they're willing
to accept.
But for our case USD is good enough for us.
And with this body object we're now going to need to use it and pass it to our strength library.
Now what we need to do is bring in our stripe library into this file and we want to do this after Line
6 because in order to actually leverage this stripe library that we're trying to bring in we need access
to that secret key that we stored in our DOT and file.
Now you remember in our last lesson I asked you to add that stripe secret key value that you got back
from your stripe dashboard and put it in the dot and because then we'll have access to it inside of
process environment which allows us to actually hide that key from anybody that might look at it inside
of our code base.
So what we'll do is we'll actually say const stripe equals require stripe.
Now what this gives us back is a function and the function expects a argument as the first parameter
where that argument is the stripe secret key so we can actually pass that right into what we get back
from our require like so we're essentially saying give me what that stripe library wants to give you.
And then I want to immediately invoke it with that stripe secret key which we now have access to on
our process stored environment dot stripe secret key.
And the reason we have this is because of this line because we require dot end and then we called config.
This automatically looks for a dot end file type inside of the root folder and it will add it to our
process environment.
So by doing so we now have access to the any variables that we declared inside of that dot and file
giving us access to our stripe secret key and now from this function that we got back from stripe after
we pass it this value it will give us back the stripe object that we can finally use to actually make
charges now in order to make the charge.
We go back to our route that we were writing and we say stripe dot charges dot create and what we pass
to the create call is two arguments.
The first is the body that we just made.
This body object.
And then what we're going to do is we are going to pass it a callback in the same format that we have
here because that callback is going to represent the request and the response object that we get back
from this stripe API request that we're making to make a charge.
Now the thing is that what we want to do is we want to inform our client side application how successful
the actual request they're making is.
Now if you look at this function that we defined right here that we're essentially writing as the second
argument to opt on post we got a request object and we have a response object the request object is
the object that holds all of the details and information and data related to the request being made
from the front.
So as we know this had the body of the token and anything we were sending from our client side application
to our back in now what we do with the response object is actually how we respond to this request.
So this is how we send back stuff based on whatever requests that we've got.
So what we're essentially trying to say is that inside of this payment route we have access to the request
that we got from the client side app but also access to this response object that we need to use in
order to send information back to the client side app.
The only thing is that we want to send this response after we've made a payment charge to the stripe
service because this payment we're attempting to make could succeed or fail due to the fact that it's
an API call as well.
So it's subject to the same success or failure calls that we've seen and become familiar with whenever
we make an API call of any kind.
So what this second argument in is getting is actually a function where the stripes service hands us
back both an error if there is one or a response if it's successful and what we want to do is use the
response object that we are getting from the request made from the client side application to this back
in route to tell our actual client site application whether or not we got an error or whether or not
we were successful.
So what we'll write is if stripe error then what we want to do is say response dot status was five hundred
because five hundred is a failure status quo and then we want to send with the error being the actual
stripe error if there is no error that what we want to do is say that it's a status of two hundred and
if the status is two hundred then we want to say that it's successful and what we want to pass to it
is the stripe response and that's all it is.
We're essentially just setting up this one route that when any request gets made to the payment route
we're going to use the token and we're going to use the amount and we're going to make a strike charge
and then depending on whether or not we get back an error we're going to then send our client side that
made the request the fact that we got an error but if it's successful we're going to inform it that
we got successful using the stripe response and this is our route.
So I know it was a lot of new back in code but this is really it conceptually that's really all it is.
You just have to figure out how to use this a library that you got alongside with how the code and the
requests that are being made actually look based on the format that we're using when we write this note
code.
So hopefully this code made sense because this is all we're doing this one route is the whole point
of why we're setting up this back end server because stripe requires us to hide our stripe secret key
which we did with our DOT and library as well as hiding it inside of our process environment and then
using this object we're able to make the charge.
So now that we have our back end let's actually figure out how to write our front end button code so
that we can actually send our token to this new route that we made and we're going to do that in the
next lesson.